[Autogenerated] When I say layering configurations,
I'm coming from the background of atomic deployments of configurations that
are loosely coupled and that sounds like a lot of jargon.
So let me sort of break this down with an example.
You may have a region where you've deployed one or more VP CSS.
That is your first layer.
You've got your networking layer that is probably going to be a
single atomic configuration that you deploy now.
On top of that layer, you may deploy other things.
Let's say there's a business logic app that needs to be deployed.
It could be deployed in that vpc.
So that's an additional layer.
The business logic app needs of VPC to live in and you're providing one.
But they're two separate configurations.
This is important.
And when I say loosely coupled when I use that term,
what I mean is the business app needs a V p.
C.
But it doesn't need that vpc.
So you can make changes to your existing VPC without
breaking the business logic app,
and you can make changes to your existing business logic app
configuration without breaking the VPC.
They're not super tightly coupled.
Another example is you may have a Lambda function that
talks to that business logic app.
You may not deploy both of those in the same configuration because
you might decide to swap that lambda function out with something
running in Kubernetes as a service.
Who knows what's going to come so you don't want to
put them in the same configuration?
Because now you have to alter that configuration lot instead of just
building a new configuration with whatever you're replacing,
land it with.
Now Lambda may talk directly to a dynamo DB,
and those two might be tightly coupled.
And that might make sense.
You don't have to keep everything in its own configuration
because that could make it too complex.
So if you're Lambda Function and your dynamo DB table are tightly coupled,
their their partners, they're not going anywhere without each other.
In that particular case, ID recommend putting them in the same configuration.
Another example would be if you have a data warehouse in your
application and that data warehouses pulling information from
your business logic app again.
That could be a tight coupling,
but it's probably marvel loose coupling and that data warehouses
probably pulling information from other apps as well,
so that's probably gonna be a separate configuration that's also
using that layer of the VPC as a place to be hosted.
So that's what I'm talking about when I say layering configurations,
it's making that determination from an architecture standpoint.
Should these resources share a configuration,
or do they just need to reference each other loosely for
somewhere to be like the business logic, app and the VPC that gets us into the topic of data sources?